This is a head-gum original.
Yeah, that's for my big job, right?
At October 28th,
That's what I can get it over with.
Let's make the content that we have to make.
We're banking episodes.
So a lot of it has to do with getting work done.
That's how it feels to me.
At least is like,
Oh, like the holidays are coming up.
Let's get some episodes in the bag.
That way I'm not stressed at the beginning
and end of December.
I can take some time fucking off for once, right?
And so you want to make sure that those are dated.
So when people listen to them in November and December,
they know that it's not something that happened recently.
I mean, again, I can edit freely too.
So, you know, this is just so you guys know how I'm feeling.
Yeah, I'd like to make it in.
Just feel a void stress,
but you seem very stressed.
I am.
Yeah.
But you're saying it would be more stressful to record over the holidays.
It'd be more stressful to get six episodes done in two weeks.
The first two weeks of December.
I see.
Yeah.
So now you're stressed now instead of during December 3rd.
Right.
Yeah.
Which is kind of huge for me.
You got Cory Peter Lane on the fucking show.
Yeah.
This is a rare occurrence where I have,
like some of my comedian best friends on the show.
I see.
Usually, it's y'all.
Best friends.
Cory's one of my best friends.
I'd say that I'm one of them.
Jeffrey's best friends.
Never heard of Cory.
I don't talk to you about my personal life because you don't offer
the same in George.
I know George for sure.
That's because he interned for you.
Yeah.
You only know people you work with.
And well, so we met through Jeff, like all those guys.
The crew, basically.
The crew.
Right.
Oh yeah, Riley.
Riley worked here a lot.
Yeah.
Cory hasn't really come up so for him to be your best friend feels.
I mean, Cory, would you say that Jack is your best friend?
Jake definitely knows about Cory.
I'll say that.
Thanks for watching me for having to answer that question.
I match people's level of intimacy.
Right.
So, and vulnerability.
They give me a lot.
Like Kayla talks to me about her emotions.
I'll do the same.
She knows more about me than you do.
And she's only known me for a year and a half.
I'm kind of feeling like we should talk more than that.
We should, because they feel like you would offer that up.
But I'm your sort of...
I want to know.
I want to know less about you and for you to know less about you.
So, I think what I've done is somehow not very much, but still too much.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
And then we got Alik Khan on the sex and I'm your boobin' cell on the sex.
The couch potatoes.
Nice.
Do we have an end?
I don't think it's cool to have a name.
I think we're just just...
We're just Jeffrey and Cory and the couch potatoes.
You never hear of a band that's two people's proper names and then the blinks.
Right.
Like Matt and Kim and the couch potatoes.
Yeah.
And Kim and Toro.
And the couch potatoes.
Yeah.
What's another example?
George and John and the Beatles.
Yeah.
It'd be fun if like Simon and Garfunkel and Hall and Oats.
That's like they did like a treat...
A quadr...
Quadr...
Yeah.
Do you guys have a voice of God Mike today?
We sure do.
Yeah.
I feel like you guys like music.
No, but I mean like specifically our knowledge
able about knee-sure music the most.
Yeah.
Thanks, Jeff.
And this is a compliment coming for me.
Yeah.
What would you love up as a quad?
Uh...
Sunny and Cher and...
You want two more?
Yeah.
Sunny and Cher and Sunny Bono and Bono.
Bono and Bono.
Bono.
Cher and Sunny and Bono.
That's cool.
That's really cool actually.
Cross-be-end stills and Nash and Bono.
That's really when that doesn't work because it is Cross-be-still's Nash
and Young, so you're just adding a hand.
Yeah.
But that's not funny.
Like that's pretty funny.
His comments do serve a purpose but I don't think that they would be as popular if they
were Cross-be-end stills and Nash and Bono.
And we would still love a comma is not like a famous grammatical debate.
Yeah.
Oxford comma.
I'm Pearl Oxford comma.
Yeah.
That's the comma beforehand.
Also, I would say that the smartest people in the world would say use the Oxford
comma.
Yeah.
That's why I would agree with that.
Because we're all from Oxford.
Yeah.
We all went to Oxford.
To New York School.
It lives in Oxford.
And my brother-in-law and sister met at Oxford University.
Oh my god.
They would see Tom York walking around all the time.
Who cares?
Someone you know is someone met Saw Tom York?
No interaction.
No.
That's so removed, man.
It's nice to see famous people walking about.
Sure.
It's nice for us.
But to hear that someone else did is a non-starter.
Yeah.
Back to the best friend sort of thing.
I was fascinated by that.
Yeah.
I was that didn't know.
That came out of nowhere, right?
That was like.
That is cool.
You guys been one on one time.
That's cool that I think you're one of my best friends.
No.
I think that it's cool that your sister-in-law saw Tom York.
You said that they pulled away.
Yeah.
And I'm like, that's awesome.
It's not.
They saw him once.
It's they would see him every day.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
I don't believe this.
Going to the cafe shop and looking angry, I think.
There's that Tom York song.
I don't know the title, but it's like now.
You know who your real friends are.
Creep.
No.
How do you guys know each other?
I love to know your origins.
Yeah.
I mean, this is just out of the blue for like have you ever heard of Corey?
I mean, I love that I know you now.
Yes.
Yeah.
But I don't.
You would have feel like I don't talk about you.
You don't have to talk about me.
No.
I don't talk about you at my job.
Corey currently works at the CDC.
I do.
No.
Let's talk boosters because I just got one that knocked me the fuck out.
I just got one and I didn't have any side effects.
So they didn't work.
You got the placebo.
Which I think they're giving out.
Yeah.
They're giving them a sugar juice.
How do you guys meet?
We were fast friends.
We met at a party.
Well, we met first.
And you see LA through vaguely college comedy.
Yeah.
And then didn't see each other for like three years.
He had short short hair.
Yeah.
And like clean shaven.
Remember meeting him.
We were in a sketch.
Yeah.
And you had long hair and sort of a facial hair.
And then Jeff over the last few years sort of.
So you do know sort of single white female in you.
Yeah.
I did.
As you guys get closer to you.
One another.
And together like.
Somebody compliments my outfit on my way in here.
It's me.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Sorry.
I was actually kind of nervous.
The only people by the way.
At the studio at all are the people in this room.
No.
There's a lot of other people here on the way.
There's lots of people outside.
Tom York was here.
Yeah.
I just didn't even think to mention it.
And I did put on an outfit.
I think Jeffrey dresses really nicely.
Interesting.
I really needed to fuck him in here with that.
Yeah.
And then I got your way before you.
And you came in here like pretty late.
Yeah.
But I was like get out of your cool car in your cool outfit.
And I was like shit.
Yeah.
That's cool.
But what is he compensating for?
Interesting.
Yeah.
Like why are you just afraid to wear plain clothes and drive a normal car?
Exactly right.
Which you do.
So I have to imagine yours.
I mean, that's true.
I'm sort of norm core.
Like, or a t-shirt and drive a Mazda.
I think if you wore Chuck Taylor's, you'd be norm core.
But the shoes make it feel like, oh, he's not confident.
Interesting.
You also, I don't know what voice it is that you use.
But use.
I'll wear a t-shirt and drive a Mazda.
Yeah.
You are wearing a t-shirt.
And you do drive a Mazda.
Yeah.
You said it as if you were not trying hypothetical.
I have to point out the promise that you made to the listeners that you made good on
just now, which is you'd wear the my cousin Vinny T-shirt.
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
And it wasn't even intentional.
Wow.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Actually, what do you kiss me after this?
What is this?
The rotisserie?
Is it like a chicken plate?
Yeah.
It's a rotisserie chicken drum.
It's a good.
It's a hipster Zanko.
Anyway.
It's a very hilarious.
I feel like Beck talked about Zanko chicken.
So Zanko is a chicken.
And this and La saw Beck once.
In Oxford?
Oxford.
You can go to Oxford shirt.
For sure.
Yeah.
And then we met at a house party years later.
And then I was like, I know.
You and I don't really know anyone else at this party.
And then we came to the head of the office that night.
Played back with him.
No one here.
The one here because it was over here of sunset.
This was recent.
And then we played basketball, I drunkenly fell into one of the agave plans, stabbed my thumb.
It was hard to masturbate for a bit.
And then we talked about that.
So it was the only noticeable difference.
And then he hosted the show and we went up on your roof.
And we went up on my roof.
We just had an S&H 9.
It was kind of a wildly romantic night.
Yeah.
Meadowed a party came here to play basketball and then ended up drunk on the roof.
And the injury too.
It's various stars for it.
Yeah.
And then I dropped it.
I dropped it.
We also found out that we lived like three blocks from trailers.
Who had a mirror?
I'm here.
Wow.
It's fine.
This show is the show to have that happen on.
Right.
Yeah.
So weirdly nice.
It's because he knows I don't listen to the podcast.
His personality inside the podcast.
He has to be outside of podcast, Jeff.
For me right now.
I see.
I mean, that happens every time we have a guest for the show.
But we found out that we lived in the same little like Canyon area.
I was going to say where, but you still live there.
I don't.
Anyway.
And I was like, oh, we should be friends.
And then we became friends.
He invited me to do stand up for the first time.
And his garage.
Yeah.
And then we merely met a party.
What's that?
It's rare to make a friend at a party.
Yeah.
That's what a party is for.
Parties usually for hanging out with people that you already know.
I rarely create new friendships at these social gathering.
That's fair.
I also had just broken up with my girlfriend of four years.
Like two weeks before we write.
Okay.
So you were both available for a new connection.
Yeah.
And I was like, I'm just my.
He's friends with my front house neighbors.
And they're like, we're going to go to a party.
And I was like, you know what?
I'm single.
I'm going to go to a party.
Wow.
You have this incredible romantic night with Jeff.
Yeah.
Have you guys seen each other since?
Oh.
Yeah.
You really want to be good together for the last year.
And I just seemed like the right way to do it.
And then we almost got arrested and Williamsburg.
We got an exaggeration together.
Yeah.
We got cited for drinking in public.
What were you doing in New York?
I do comedy.
I was doing a show at Union Hall.
Wow.
Yeah.
And yeah, we were out there in like November, December.
January.
Yeah.
March.
It was.
It was behind.
Yeah.
It was really cool.
And they pulled us over and Jeffrey gave them his ID.
And then I gave them my student ID and a fake address.
That's cool.
I felt really cool.
You shouldn't say that on the record.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot that a lot of NYPD love audio.
Our biggest demos are Toronto San Francisco Bay Area New York Police Department.
Yeah.
Um, we do have to move on.
Let's keep it going with everybody's bond of the week.
Let's start with Ali.
Okay.
Who do you got?
This might be crazy.
And this idea just popped in my head now.
So I'm sorry if someone's already set it.
Okay.
Should we go bond?
Muppet?
Wow.
That was good.
Really?
Yeah.
That's really good.
Like maybe it's a Michael Cain's bond.
Everybody else is a Muppet.
That's good.
And then who?
Okay.
And we should say Michael Cain's never been James Bond.
No.
But he has been Ebenezer's crew.
She's been top of mind recently for me for other reasons.
What's that reason?
Because it's nowhere near like the holidays or anything.
I was trying to plan a group costume for Halloween.
And I was like wouldn't it be really good if we were all Ebenezer's
Scruges.
But my George is being Ebenezer's crew.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay. So it's in the air.
But here's the problem is that my like this doesn't matter budget.
Like a men's night cap.
That's sorry.
I keep bumping this.
That's a triangle.
It's really, it's really expensive.
It's $28 to buy a men's night cap.
And not that I can't, not that I can't afford it.
But also it's like I'm never going to wear it.
Yeah.
How much should that cost?
I would pay $10.
Men's night cap.
Yeah.
Because you'll never have to literally throw it away out there.
No.
I will say.
If you are still able to get it today, I can ask George if he found one yet.
Or if that's his costume for tonight.
And then if not, go in on it.
It's 14 bucks.
Okay.
Which is much closer to your price.
No.
Yeah.
That's negotiable.
Bond of the week.
We do the segment where ever since Daniel Craig was out as Bond, we cast our, we love
up our casting options for the next James.
Okay.
Past for now.
On you and Casey.
What do you guys think?
Do you have something?
Okay.
Hear me out.
Yeah.
Bond.
No.
That's really good.
I want to bond with the sunglasses that kind of just keep going.
Yeah.
And he's so annoying.
He shows up everywhere everyone's like, oh, yeah.
He's in the movie.
And then, oh, like the soundtrack is about you too.
Yeah.
Right.
They would not have gotten that without him.
The, the Bond song is like the worst song you've ever heard.
And it's just like already preloaded on your phone.
It's so wonderful.
Yeah.
That's really good.
Okay.
I have one.
A rebrand of a classic music festival.
Bondaroo.
Oh.
Yeah.
And then who's playing Bond?
Uh, so.
Seven thousand people in Tennessee.
Yeah.
In a, in a muddy field.
In 70.
So it's like this.
Yes.
Smashing Pumpkins Bond.
Yeah.
And the, the, the,
The, the,
The,
Yeah.
Um,
That's good.
That would be fun if it was almost like every seen as a different band or performer.
Um,
My,
John Runner's Week is peersp Pokémon.
He's already been right,
Bond,
Streets,
Back,
Alright.
and then coming back, I'm going to kill myself.
He gave the culmination speech at my university.
That's cool.
I went to your graduation, not the one.
Yeah, that's cool.
My brothers, both my brothers went to UCLA.
Well, you did the graduation.
They're older than I.
Okay, they're in their 40s.
Yeah, I wasn't there then.
95, 99.
I dated somebody went to UCLA,
and so I went to your graduation,
but at different, at the calm school.
Right.
And so their graduation speaker,
what their commencement speaker, whatever,
was the CEO of Sugar Fina.
Yeah.
So that's cool Peter Spross, and it was yours, yeah.
But I was like, when I was shooting bomb,
I was like, this is awesome.
This person was like, yeah,
like I kind of stumbled into owning a candy company.
And it was so clear she came from generational wealth.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, bond of the week,
yours are never interesting.
Well, wow.
On your talking about the bond song,
got me thinking maybe the bond song
should be a parody of the song song.
Okay.
Maybe the song.
So a Cisco style bond.
So it's the pop singer, Cisco as bond,
doing a song, parody called the bond song.
But bond, bond, bond, bond.
Exactly.
That song's on.
That was boring.
So he doesn't quite remember it, but sure.
Delish recently published an article
about the 35 holiday pop recipes
that I'll get you re-invited year after year.
I'd like to talk about some recipes
that will get you uninvited indefinitely.
Okay.
Yeah.
Thinking spam, chowder.
weren't you supposed to show your ass on Twitter today?
Maybe a congrats on your 10k was finished?
Yeah.
I just think of that because when I think of spam,
chowder, I think about game chowder.
The gams lie.
I'm not going to bear my ass on the internet.
I'm not going to do it.
Got it.
What do you guys think?
What gets you uninvited?
Uninvited from, uh, I think that I recently
had to make fake goo for a sketch.
And so I just died putting green.
But then it wasn't gooey enough.
So I put a whole box of cornstarch in it.
And then I ate some of it.
See what it tastes like.
And it was so vile.
So if I brought that, just green goo.
Yeah.
Sugar goo.
Like Mary Embroja.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I think that I would not be invited back.
Like what do you think?
You know, I don't trust recipes
that have the word surprise in the title.
That's not what I'm looking for.
Yeah.
That's a surprise.
It's a surprise.
Yeah.
It's not what I'm looking for.
It's a surprise.
It's vile.
Yeah.
Casino is also a bad one for it.
I think.
Claims.
Casino.
And even Rockefeller.
Yeah.
Anything shellfish related with a additive word.
Anything delight?
Yeah.
These are all in the same bit.
What about crock pot and possible meat?
That's like, that's like a set of words that should activate a sleeper cell.
Yeah.
Cause impossible meat is already sort of pre-cooked, right?
Like if you ate impossible burgers raw, would you get sick?
No, because it's vegetables.
What about impossible tartar?
That's really good.
Oh.
Impossible.
Carpathio.
Yeah.
We've got mashed tomatoes.
Pretty bad.
Although kind of what ketchup is.
Yeah.
Or pasta sauce.
But you bring like a side of tomato.
Yeah.
Just a big bowl of.
I got, I brought this gaspacho.
It's more like a sweet gaspacho with like some malt vinegar.
It just is ketchup.
Yeah.
Grinola.
This is to like the potluck.
You bring Grinola?
Yeah.
I forgot that we're saying bad stuff.
How's about the dunk on you?
So fucking hard.
I know people who make their own Grinola.
It seems to be not worth it.
I haven't gotten on that train.
It's like oats.
Plus all this other stuff.
And then you bake it.
And then you have Grinola.
Oats and other.
Grinola is almost as cheap as oats.
So like you're not really saving anything.
Would you say that Grinola is breakfast checks mixed?
I'd refrain from saying bad stuff.
I would have read it.
I think that it's very a Grinola the adjective to make your own Grinola the noun.
I don't know.
And I think that's where it comes from now.
Yeah.
Well, no Grinola's a verb.
Your Grinola egg, Boats.
Mmm.
Like that truth.
No, no way.
Like buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Let's go around all six of us.
And just kind of say the first and last name of the most Grinola person we've ever seen.
Grinola person we've ever slept with.
I think it'll be.
I'm not going to sit.
I'll believe it out.
But I think it's.
All right.
Shew tiger.
My favorite thing about you.
Is that you in this person you just mentioned.
Yeah.
Is is that.
I didn't know that you two were sleeping together.
And I expressed romantic interest in her.
And you said and I quote, go for it, man.
And you were actually sleeping together.
I was like, I was like, okay.
Yeah.
That was before we like became exclusive.
So I was like, yeah, if you want.
Best friends.
Yeah.
What the fuck were we talking about?
We don't have to do that.
A recent fortune article poses the question.
Can you get addicted to melatonin?
The answer according to the article is not really.
That's the entire article.
Yeah.
It's really good that an Ivy League nepotism baby got to make $25,000 writing that out.
Not really.
I also thought you said fortune weird.
According to fortune.
Per the tasting table, less is more when using Sardinian cured tunar.
It's talk about it.
I don't know what any of those things are.
Sardinian can you got a branch out?
I can't eat those.
I'm sorry.
I just think like, I would love to see you have a new hobby.
I feel like Ellie, the last time you were talking about taking a new hobby.
Yeah.
I don't exactly remember what it was, but we were talking about it.
It's just something that could get me some cash.
That's what it was.
Monetizing.
Joy.
It was how do I monetize joy, which I think is really interesting.
Maybe I'll start selling men's nightcaps.
Me caps?
Nightcaps?
No.
My caps.
I'm screwed.
Yeah.
You'll be like a prosthetics.
Or it's you selling like summer 2020 era bottled cocktails.
But really gendering whiskey.
Boy drink.
Yum, boy town.
And we also have a gin drink.
Girl.
And then this one I want to talk about all together.
How do winter highs?
Hydrangeas.
What do we think?
How do winter high name?
I just think of it's a wonderful life where she's like in the hydrangea bushes.
My big takeaway is that this article is by Carol J. Michelle.
And then who I can only assume is like a DJ with lowercase clueless.
Like he is clueless.
Clueless.
Every time we record in the studio on a Friday morning, I don't eat breakfast.
And then I have a huge pint of cold brew.
And my face starts vibrating.
And I'm getting shoes.
Okay.
This article starts vibrating.
For me first two lines.
This is the same thing as the melatonin.
Where you don't have to do much to prepare for winter.
I don't even prune my hydrangeas in the fall.
Yeah.
And they have a link.
Can Hydrangeas survive for us?
Yes.
Sure.
Um.
How are you guys at keeping plants alive?
Not good.
Uh, poor.
Getting better.
But yeah.
The plants that my ex gave me when they broke up with me.
No.
Um.
The ones that she gave me right before she broke up with me.
And then left LA forever.
Um.
There are still a lot.
Oh, that's good.
But I like haven't watered them in a while.
I kind of want them to die.
I'm like.
I need to move on.
Uh.
From the swans.
From the winterizing hydrangeas.
Like when should you?
Is my big question?
Yeah.
I guess the question.
The golden question is why when to ride side ranges.
Right.
And it seems like the answers you don't have to over.
Yeah.
Oh, they don't need much extra attention.
Good.
Okay.
So it's the same.
Have you ever been picked?
Don't look at me and say that word.
We've already discussed this offline.
Sorry.
And I should have blown up at you.
Because you know, sex positivity and all that shit.
But you needle me.
And at a certain point, I'm going to have to push back.
Yeah.
I'm poking prod to get this.
Because it's sort of like there he is.
Yeah.
Wait, right?
What's what's meddling?
Is that like pegging?
Yeah.
But it's in here deck.
Cool.
Really.
Yeah.
That's a name.
It's sounding.
We've been talking a lot about sounding on the podcast.
Have you?
Actually, that was review.
Yeah.
Wait.
Sound.
Is when use.
For lack of a better term.
Fuck.
You're your read through.
Yeah.
With like a metal rod.
Why is that called sounding?
Yeah.
And I don't understand why people do it.
I've never tried it.
But there's no way that's pleasurable.
Is it painful?
It's probably a pain thing.
There's a lot of people who are real.
And this is coming from a sex positive place.
Totally real fucked up in the head.
Yeah.
Stop it.
Bad.
People who should be criminals.
Yeah.
But I have heard that it's sort of like a runners high thing.
Where if you sound for long enough.
Just run.
It starts to feel you get that dopamine rush.
My chest is now vibrated.
Yeah.
Eat food, I guess.
Before having caffeine.
Great.
And it's also a lot of caffeine.
It's probably the equivalent of four.
Four coffees.
Four black coffees that you're drinking.
A pint of concentrate like that.
Yeah.
The point of best friends.
I literally did the same thing.
I drink a cup of coffee at my house.
Eight nothing.
Came here.
I had a cup of coffee and a seltzer.
Yeah.
I'm really buzzing.
I'm buzzing.
And I'm in your beesing.
I saw you doing that.
I'm beesing.
Yeah.
And I did mushrooms last night.
Did you actually?
Just a little.
That's good.
I'll link grow.
Have you ever packed somebody?
No.
Okay.
We do have to take a quick break.
You guys have an HR department.
The HR department is Marty.
And that's a real fucking problem.
I'll be right back.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, do you ever wish that life came with a user manual?
I know I have.
You know, sometimes when you're trying to make a decision or dealing with something difficult
and your interpersonal relationships, you wish you could just be handed the answer.
Right?
Or at least handed a guide of filling the blank style piece that could help you get to the right answer.
Well, that's where therapy comes in.
And BetterHelp online therapy is the next best thing to a user manual for life.
Because unfortunately, life doesn't come with a user manual.
Right?
So when it's not working for you, it's normal to feel stuck.
And navigating any of life's challenges can help you make you feel unsure whether it's a career
or a new relationship or becoming a parent.
Therapists are trained to help you figure out the cause of challenging emotions and learn productive coping skills,
which makes therapy the closest thing to a guided tour of the complex engine called you.
I'm in therapy every week.
I've said it before.
I'll say it again.
If you have access to it and BetterHelp makes it easier financially and otherwise.
To therapy, I think you owe it to the people around you.
To go through that process.
To learn more about yourself.
To learn more about your emotional body.
So you can show up for those around you as the best version of yourself you can be.
As the world's largest therapy service, BetterHelp has matched 3 million people with professionally licensed
and vetted therapists available 100% online.
Plus, it's affordable.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to be matched with a therapist.
And if things aren't clicking, you can easily switch to a new therapist at any time.
It could not be simpler.
No waiting rooms, no traffic, no endless searching for the right therapist.
Learn more and save 10% off your first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
Well, this is a fucking segment that I like to call.
What the cool kids are into speaking of Narcan.
H-E-L-H-L-P,
A reason, I guess, we should wait for this on.
No one having anxiety attack.
Yeah, you picked a really anxiety at least.
And it's starting again?
Oh, good.
You really do look on the well on that.
That's not ideal for me,
Yeah, I want to look hot because I don't, yeah, anyway.
Do I look good?
No, you look great.
Kidding me?
Do you think you're gonna eat after this episode
and before the next episode,
or just keep riding the caffeine thing until three, four feet?
I'm not gonna eat before the second episode.
See, you'll look worse then.
Yeah.
Yeah, see the face of God.
This is a, well, I read in New York Times,
the article called about the cool kids are super into.
And they were talking about perfectly imperfect,
which is a cult newsletter for downtown taste makers.
And they held, you guys were looking at me like,
you do not care.
Or you want to hurt me physically.
New's letter for downtown taste makers.
He's a mother's DNA.
So we're just not gonna talk about the high-drainages at all.
I can't, yeah.
I bought some hydrangeas at Trader Joe's
and I put them in two phases of my house.
I bought flowers for myself.
That's cool.
I think it's nice.
It's an act of self-lapse.
Yeah, radical.
Yeah, no radicals.
Nobody buys boys' flowers.
Let's show them.
What's you're gonna play?
No.
Um, this, it's, so it's sort of like,
I don't know, the village voice,
but hip or younger and knee-sure.
Um.
Fuck you guys.
What?
We're fucking listening to you.
Again, I want to know.
As a friendly and a big ol'.
I need a flag ol'.
Yeah.
What's that?
Bagels are too much bread.
Flagels of flatter things.
Yeah.
You're fucking jittery man.
You're scaring me.
Yes.
Just a jitter bug.
Jitter bug.
Not guys.
So this fucking guy started this new cult newsletter
talking to like, younger people.
You're gonna be a part of that.
Yes.
My heart is beating fast.
I was supposed to get cholesterol blood worked
on this morning and I slept through it.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
That's probably for the bath.
I have FH, which is the meal hyper-colystralemia.
My LDL is through the fucking roof on you.
Is that the good one?
No.
It's all, uh-huh.
272 MLDG by Dpergees or something.
Yeah.
The normal is under 200.
Got it.
Should we all pitch real quick on how to fix that?
I think we should pitch on how to let me out of my fucking misery.
I think that if you were really, really sick
and you wanted to be a youth in Asia
and you said, I'm the only, like, Corey,
I need you to do this and you proved it.
Like you did, yeah, I think I could kill you.
If, if it helped you.
I agree, but I think there's so many people
that want to kill me like,
truly homicide.
You wouldn't want to take that opportunity away.
If you're like, look, this will fuck up, Corey,
for a long time.
This will be awesome.
This will be one third for a handful of four.
I don't know.
Name them.
You, I guess.
I'll take a stab, but I don't need to have
go whole hog if somebody else wants to do it.
I don't think youth in Asia is like stabbing someone.
Oh, no.
Interesting.
Okay.
I'll hear you out.
Sorry, man.
For the last few years, the cult newsletter
perfectly imperfect is offered
to window into the changing guard of New York City's downtown scene
with a deceptively simple premise.
Cool people like cool things.
I'm a sad person.
And they say the New York Times is a failing
institution started during the longest days of the pandemic.
The newsletters start offers highly curated recommendations
from on the Cusp taste makers and aspiring asthites,
including the synth pop singer Jake Lazovic,
never heard of them.
The Canadian painter Chloe Wise loved the name.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay, cool.
The model, Nica Odo.
And the euphoria actress Chloe Cherry, who?
Two Chloe's.
Yeah.
My, yeah.
What?
Oh, I was just going to just also say two Chloe's
and then really not comment on it.
I'm going to put more.
Put more succinctly.
Clues.
Nice.
Thank you.
If I'm the newsletters said, I don't want to see
even full of myself or anything, but perfectly imperfect
is probably the most sprawling, cultural document
of who and what was cool during the time we're in right now.
Incredibly realistic.
Also how many cultural documents are attempting
to cover the moment that we're in right now?
It's like, we're much better than, yeah, National Geographic.
Specifically south of 10th in New York.
Like, and then, so then the article sort of
give us all these people a platform like this is an example,
Harrison Patrick Smith, 26 indie pop prince for the dare.
And then he says, August by Taylor Swift,
I really like the Taylor Swift song, Karma.
I think it's a great song.
And like, has a paragraph about what he thinks is cool.
This long-winded nonsense has been me being like,
what do you guys think is cool?
Mostly you too, because I feel like with you,
it doesn't count.
On you and Casey, I think it also counts,
but they're a cusp.
Oh my god.
Their cusp was that supposed to mean.
They're not as old as me, but like, I'm a Sagittarius,
but Scorpio cusp.
Like, I am a Sagittarius, but I'm on the cusp of Scorpio.
That's why I'm so good at sex.
I'm a Gemini and a Taurus cusp.
And that's why, I don't know, a lot of girls
who that matters to it's bad.
Oh my god.
I just want to say that I'm looking over your shoulder
and I can see their ages.
And I do want to commit acts of violence
for every person that's younger than me on this.
Most of them are 26 or 27, which is a great age
to be.
It's older than me.
I think there's like 24 and 23 years.
I can start because I'm kind of interested in that.
And this is earnest.
OK.
For once.
And I kind of styled it like the way that they did.
So my thing is investing in glassware.
You can find really great sets of high-quality vintage glassware
on Etsy that elevate any drink you make at home.
I also think at least in LA, it's more about having people
over to your house now.
It is than going out, which is probably a product
of the dust finally settling on the post post-vax era of hedonism.
I picked up a set of six diamond pattern crystal rocks glass
as on Etsy for $59.
And I know I'll probably have them for the next decade or more.
That's a quote that you gave to yourself.
Yeah.
I found it a call.
I love that the premise of this show
is that you have the opportunity to come up with a succinct
response to your own question.
And then Bob, the medical people.
We didn't have that to write down.
I haven't been thinking about it for the last day.
But nice.
So in 45 words or less, what have you been doing
that's cool and how?
Yeah.
You're still not to be so succinctly.
So you're saying that post-post-vaccine is like,
when the vaccine first came out, people were going out
and being hedonistic, like in the summer of 2021 or whatever.
Yep.
And the dust has already settled on that.
And people are moving back towards a home party environment.
And thus, they're investing more in how swear?
I think that it's also coming at a time in our lives
where we're valuing those sorts of things.
We're like, yeah, the pandemic, we were like,
oh, I really wish that I could go out.
Yeah, because that's when we would have been going up.
And now it's like, oh, we're, yeah,
we can have a dinner party.
And we're not having it under the premise that this is the only thing
we're actually allowed to do.
Yeah.
Like we could do a decision to stay home.
Yeah, we're supposed to be forced to stay home.
I also feel like that's a reflection of your age in a good way.
We're like, okay, I kind of hit like my early mid 20s window
and let's get some good play.
Yeah, I agree.
Let's figure out what my style is in my kitchen.
Who am I at this party?
My style is Italian air.
H-H-H-H-H.
So you're like, yeah, okay, not air.
Yeah, your passionately wealthy Italian estate owner, right.
With glassware and China to match.
Love it.
And so, as far as generational wealth,
how is that wealth, like, you know,
kept during like the 1930s, 1940s?
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
How was that maintainer?
I thought.
We've, we've almost never do this, but we have to take another break.
This is so fucked up.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
What I will say is the man I was specifically thinking of, uh,
R.O. Montenar, aka John Goldberger, is a Jewish Italian man.
R.O. Montenara.
Montenari.
No.
Okay.
I just wanted to make sure it wasn't a generational thing.
Yeah.
Welcome to the biggest loser personality addition.
Introducing our judges.
On you.
Okay.
Speedkaser.
Great.
And well, me.
Let's be our contestants.
Amir Blumenfeld.
Kind of the fan favorite to win this.
Ali Khan, not quite sure why she's on this show.
Not the episode of the podcast, but this specifically.
And Cory Peter Lane could go either way.
Um, this is biggest loser personality addition.
So, uh, the judge panel is made up of me on your Casey.
I'm going to ask you guys a series of probing questions that are going to sort of
get to the bottom of how big a loser y'all are.
Okay.
And, uh, this is for genuinely a hundred dollars cash.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yeah.
This is like, I will.
Yeah, I will then go you a hundred dollars.
It's, it is funny because Amir needs that money the less.
The least out of the three of us.
So it goes to the biggest loser.
Yeah.
Also, according to financial charts, you are a millionaire.
I want to make that clear.
Yeah.
Um, anyway.
Uh, it's uncomfortable to talk about money.
Uh, I'm fine talking about it.
That's because you don't have any money.
Yeah.
I don't have any.
I don't mind talking about it.
Yeah.
You guys.
So I'm going to throw this and answer in a way that reflects really poorly on me,
because I love that hundred dollars.
Exactly.
Okay.
Um, here we go.
What's your guilty?
Oh, and then.
So they're going to answer the questions.
Right.
And then the three of us have to be like, which one of that is the biggest loser answer?
Great.
That's kind of what I do all day.
So instead of silently judging us, you're going to have to actually sit up.
What's your guiltyous pleasure?
Uh, what's my guiltyous pleasure?
Daily fantasy basketball.
Oh, you're making it so easy.
Yeah, I do.
Um, do you have one?
I'm thinking.
Yeah, I do.
Um, I love videos on TikTok of kids falling down or giving her.
Like, it's mad with a plastic bag.
The America's funniest home videos, though.
But like, cinema very day.
Like, like, do the one of the guy who like kicked a fake soccer ball in a string and then the
Russian looking lady went to kick it and missed and then fell on her ass.
No.
I want to kind of circle back to the Russian looking lady.
I love these.
You, you got a little bit of Russian looking.
It seemed Russian, but it might have just been a Russian looking lady.
Right.
I've been getting into like, I get very like hyper fixated on certain pop culture figures.
And then I deep dive sometimes for months at a time right now.
It's Carrie Fisher.
So I'm reading every single novel Carrie Fisher's ever in.
Wow.
So, you know, I'm putting adding that to the table.
That's really good.
I think that's cool.
I think that's neutral.
And I think that daily, but fantasy anything is kind of.
You suck.
Well, you're just one judge.
I like 40.
Yeah.
Because, you know, sports is relatively at least cool.
It's cool to watch.
It's cool to better.
Or be in them.
Yeah.
It's really cool to be in sports.
To be in athlete would be cool.
Yeah.
Do you, what do you do when there's no basketball happening?
A lot's different sport like football or tennis.
On your Casey.
I'm going to have to say the biggest loser in this category is, is Corey.
It's the only because it's, it's a very passive thing.
A mayor's active, you know, setting lineups.
Ali is learning.
And Corey is laughing at other people's pain.
Interesting.
Children's pain.
Children's pain specifically.
So that's a loser activity if you ask.
And you know, Casey's telling the truth, because you guys just met.
So he's not like trying to be polite to you.
Right.
Yeah.
So, sorry.
When you meet someone, you're not trying to be polite.
I feel like I get rude or the more I know someone.
Fearing this means it's real honesty.
Otherwise he would just be like, I think.
I mean, yours is the worst.
Because like, we go back the furthest of that make.
Yes.
Yeah.
He doesn't, there's no, there's no.
We could never see each other again.
And you could just tell me how you really feel.
And I appreciate the honesty.
The candor.
Yeah.
That's not for me because I break her right here.
My boyfriend also loves to watch.
Little children getting hurt on the internet.
And I think it's really messed up.
Mm-hmm.
But that's not the cat.
It's not like who's is most messed up.
Yeah.
There's most messed up.
Fantasy anything to me is an automatic.
It's a no.
One for a mirror.
All right.
Let's fair.
What's the last thing you googled on your phone?
Look it up right now.
Ooh.
This is fun.
Hey.
I found.
All right.
That's a mirror for this one.
Oh, whoa.
How to donate cash when your dick is big.
That's me.
Whoa.
Well, here we are.
Uh, I got a bunch of good ones.
Some of them are boring.
Just the most recent one.
Thanks so much.
The most recent one just says TW.
And I don't know why.
Charger warning?
Yeah, maybe.
The one before that is king of wishful thinking,
which is a song I wanted to hear on YouTube.
Adam Sandler movies streaming.
Hahaha.
Uh.
I think you don't even have to say anything.
Yeah, um, mine is vangenberg launch schedule.
What the fuck is vangenberg.
So there's a military base in like,
Get off of it.
Wait.
I need to explain that they launched a satellite yesterday.
Space X.
Yeah.
But I didn't know that was happening.
And she and you and Lee like thought we were not to get new
Like Korea
And I was watching because the way that we were like, is that a plane that's not a plane and it had like a jet stream
It was a rocket and I was like I accepted it
Like the idea of you holing up in our little our old neighborhood
Your well your neighborhood which is like very much so like a secluded area
Looking up in this guy and having nuclear anxiety is that your loser for that by going to
You're doing
They're nuking a chic east side neighborhood
On your case. You what do you think?
Do you have one ready? You'll go ahead. Okay. Oh, I have a question for Cory if that's a lab
In the in the moment when you thought you were going to die. How did you feel?
Well, I actually had just had lunch with a friend who I hadn't seen in a while and it was a yummy lunch
And we were hanging out with his dog and I did have the thought like this is okay
It's a nice way to go. Yeah, you've experienced the most fun part of your life
Now we can call it a day and you might be missing out because everybody's dying
Everybody's dying, but it's not even that it was the most fun. It was just that that was like oh
That's what these it's these little moments
It's beautiful. Yeah, I'd have to say because of that answer because of accepting your mortality
Is a great personality trait
So I'm gonna have to go with a mirror on this one
I'm real
It wasn't even fantasy basketball related
Yeah, mine is Cory because I'm not 100% convinced that you don't want to just see what SpaceX is doing
You must fan before you voted me on the off chance. I was googling it just out of curiosity
And I made up the
All right, we got to go through these fast has a partner ever embarrassed you and front of your friends
Yeah
Oh, okay
Forget it most shameful romantic versus experience or sexual
I'm sure prematurely ejaculating at some in some way shape or form
Like cycling through too many
I got walked in on the first time that I'd ever had sex like the first one and it was her best friend
And her best friend's nickname was Kirby so at the point of my first climax I said no Kirby no
You were coming. Yeah, that's what climax means
One time someone came over to my house that was like it was a date and I opened the door and they were
wearing flip flops and I immediately was like oh but then I was like well they're here
That's just embarrassing for them. No, I know well it's embarrassing for me that I would didn't wrap it up
Yeah, I think if his answer wasn't so specifically no Kirby no
I would vote you
So I'm gonna go Cory. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna have to say Cory's
Essentially living a American pie
Therefore I got to give it to him. Yeah, I don't know why I thought you're gonna say yeah
I think it's clear that Cory is living a bad life
Kind of a loser the title of this game
Yeah, Cory same nice of us to not
We're doing all the men in the world who are listening a real favorite by not acknowledging a mirrors and just saying that that's fine
I don't know if this is a shameful normalizing prematurely Jack. Yeah, but I did when I was in college because
It was hit or miss but I was like, yeah, sometimes I wouldn't last that long
I did get a flashlight trainer thing
Wait, this is your second time getting a flashlight? Yeah, well the first time I didn't actually get it second time telling the story
So yeah, mental out there train brother
I think most men there problem now is that they're all an anti-depressants in it. Yeah. Oh, then get on well butron the happy horny pill
According to the journey for not joining a chill
Michelle filet Michelle filet Michelle filet
Gloria Steinem when called well butron the happy horny pill
In her 90 51 essay yeah mother Teresa
What the dumbest person
The dumbest person you've ever met
Who the fuck is calling me?
Oh, I think it's my phone vibration. What's the dumbest purchase you've ever made?
Probably cryptocurrency related. Yeah
Okay during like early early days of the pandemic I was living with my parents and I was need deep in season one Dickinson and
Hi, I bought a Victorian night gown. I got a brass candle holder and a long candlestick and I walked around my parents house at night
Haunting it was just like a for me to meet so no one else was there
Wow, those are really too hard ones to judge
I want to hear stories for this round, but I am gonna veto any judgment. That's gonna be two things for how
That's crazy
Brass candle hold
I think the dumbest purchase that I made the one that most recently comes to mind is that my cat was peeing on my bed a lot
And I got about a straw
I
I was peeing he was peeing on my bed and I was like well now he like thinks that
The bed is like his litter box, so I'm just gonna get a new bed so I spent like I went I took a nap appointment at the Casper store
You can set up $800 it was like $1300
You're not your for the mattress for the nap appointment
But we should say that you're the CDC making $73,000 a year
I went and took a nap appointment and then was upsold by the mattress person
Got a 12 $1300 mattress and then my cat peed on it day one
And I was like oh cool, so it's not the smell. It's the it's that you're a fucker
Again, that is almost good enough to take the cake for this round, but allies was just better. Yeah, 100%
Biggest sexual insecurity
Why is it always sexual with you
It's probably the same answer. I'm sexy positive. Same answer as the the other sex one. Okay
premature
Planax probably that I'm too good at it
I guess that's pretty cool. You're seeding this round to Corey
I actually have to rethink because I was gonna go for a joke like that
I was gonna say that I enjoy four play too much and I'm too giving
All right skipping this one
We're just thing you've done in front of a mirror this year
Oh
I can answer to start us off. Sure. I've been working on my body. I think it looks really good naked and
I was sort of like I wonder what people see when I'm
In them and so I positioned a mirror and then sort of fucked my bed
To see what that looked like and it looked pretty good. Can we all skip? What could we possibly say?
That's that's the lame or something that what's the meanest thing anyone's ever said to you mine is what he just did
This thing anyone's ever said
Oh, one time somebody it was a teacher
And he said you're not as charming as you think you are you told me that and that's fucked up. Yeah, it's pretty good
Teachers don't like when people kids are charming
I think that sometimes they see a young person who's gonna grow up to be more important than them
And then they're like I'm gonna take you down a peg you heard it here first had gumpodcastfuck teachers
Fuck teachers. Fuck them all. I'm gonna say that every camera
Unless you were gonna private school. Let's see we're gonna
I can't remember a specific mean thing. No, yeah
Is the next round what's the thing that first came to your mind before you started thinking of
The one you were more comfortable saying yeah
Let's skip this one for time. What's the most childish thing you still do?
Play video games okay
Probably like an active Victorian ghost fantasy
I still get cranky and bored
I'll still cry when I'm angry
Okay, my vote's chore on that one
Yeah, throwing a tantrum that's uh, that's a chore for me. I threw a temper tantrum last night because I was like
I didn't plan well enough for my Halloween costume and now I'd have to be hot rod
Yeah, I guess
Fuck you man. What fuck you
Man man
What do you guys think
Casey give it to me. Oh, right. Okay. I'm just kidding. I kind of give it to Jeff
Yeah, uh, have you ever looked a salt lamp? Yes, no, what is that?
It's like uh, like possible. I actually think a mere not knowing what it is makes him like a loser
Salt lamp. Yeah, they're like it's like a himaly and salt lamp. It's like a pink
Rock that you plug in and there's a light bulb inside of it lights up and people who have like
Exima really enjoy it. I think
Exima or is that a personality
This
Maybe I'm just drawing a connection that a lot of my friends who are fighting that Exima fight also have salt lamps
Maybe I'm making it
I also love the way that Amir said a salt lamp imagining a lamp with like an extended magazine on it
I'm quite understand
Rapid fire these last five what's the biggest lie you tell you tell yourself five
It's not gonna get funnier than that uh the biggest loser is Cory. Yes
We do have to wrap it up. So
That was easy
Plus
Sorry just felt what do you guys have going on what do you want to point the people to the floor is yours? Oh
When does this come out this comes out
Tencent I want to say it is not for a while. Okay, so
Next week the episode we're recording after this comes out and then the last New York November 18
November 18
Okay, cool. I've got a show at the
Elysian in uh
I've got to show it the Elysian and um oh my god, where is it? Where's the Elysian?
Frog town. You got to show it the Elysian and Frog town on in Los Angeles in Los Angeles
On December 1st 730 p.m. Business casual business casual. It's my sketch group. Yeah
They have a they're a very funny sketch group. Yeah, we've got Will Senate and
Dylan Adler and a bunch of other fun people on it. Just was talking to somebody about Will Senate last night. So funny
social media my idea is at Captain underscore sad underscore beard
and
Like at the press to fire it and
I'm
Capped sad beard on Twitter and Captain sad beard on TikTok
Um
My friends who don't know you that well, but have vaguely met you are always like
Oh, they're Captain sad beard. Yes, yeah
People come up to me in person go like oh because I get like tagged and stuff
Yeah, people's Joe's and they're like Captain sad beard and like that works for me. Yeah, I'll never shave
Not to have a competing event, but Thursday December 1st
I've gum happy hour
Well, this is weird mine is also a thing on the first
Oh, I haven't an orging
Me shun purulging at home trying to get my stamina up on the first that's a Thursday
At 10 p.m. Yeah, so confine me. Oh, my shows at 730. So we don't conflict so confine me
You're both yeah, just skip the
What is it had good happy hour? Yeah, you're hosting but it's fine
And at Jeff we're already on Twitter at Jeff free James on Instagram
Thanks for listening to this episode of the show. Thanks for having me, man. Yeah, this whole thing was uh well
That was a hit gum original
You